[Docs]OSPP-Add more observability in apollo config client (#5229)
apolloconfig/apollo: docs/en/client/java-sdk-user-guide.md

3. Via the `app.properties` configuration file
    * You can specify `apollo.override-system-properties=true` in `classpath:/META-INF/app.properties`

#### 1.2.4.9 Enable Client Monitoring

> > Applicable to version 2.4.0 and above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For version 2.4.0 and above
```

After enabling the following configurations, you can use `ConfigService.getConfigMonitor()` to retrieve client monitoring information and enable automatic reporting.

```properties
# 1. Whether to enable the Monitor mechanism, i.e., whether ConfigMonitor is enabled. Default is false.
apollo.client.monitor.enabled = true

> # 2. Whether to expose Monitor data in JMX format. When enabled, you can view related information through tools like J-console. Default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 2. Whether to expose Monitor data by JMX. When enabled, you can view related information through tools like J-console. Default is false.
```

String value = config.getProperty(someKey, someDefaultValue);
```

### 3.1.6 Retrieve Client Monitoring Metrics

> > Applicable to version 2.4.0 and above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For version 2.4.0 and above
```

> Apollo Client significantly enhanced observability in version 2.4.0, providing the ConfigMonitor API as well as metric export options via JMX and Prometheus. For configuration details, see [1.2.4.9 Enable Client Monitoring](#_1249-开启客户端监控).

Reviewer: 感觉in version改成since version更好一些?

---

[1.2.4.9 Enable Client Monitoring](#_1249-开启客户端监控).

这里要改成引用英文

---

See 1.2.4.9 Enable Client Monitoring for configuration details

The Input is multiple ConfigServices returned by meta server, and the output is a ConfigService selected.

> The default service provider is `com.ctrip.framework.apollo.spi.RandomConfigServiceLoadBalancerClient`, which chooses one ConfigService from multiple ConfigServices using random strategy .

Reviewer 2: I see many changes in the `zh/client/java-sdk-user-guide.md`. Shouldn't we apply these to the `en/client/java-sdk-user-guide.md` as well?

Author: I will synchronize the English part when the Chinese part is finalized

The Input is multiple ConfigServices returned by meta server, and the output is a ConfigService selected.

The default service provider is `com.ctrip.framework.apollo.spi.RandomConfigServiceLoadBalancerClient`, which chooses one ConfigService from multiple ConfigServices using random strategy .

## 7.2 Exporting Metrics to Prometheus

> > Applicable to version 2.4.0 and above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For version 2.4.0 and above
```

apollo_client_thread_pool_completed_task_count{thread_pool_name="AbstractApolloClientMetricsExporter"} 3.0
apollo_client_thread_pool_completed_task_count{thread_pool_name="AbstractConfigFile"} 0.0
apollo_client_thread_pool_completed_task_count{thread_pool_name="AbstractConfig"} 0.0
# EOF
```

At the same time, you can also view the following information on the Prometheus console:

![Prometheus console showing Apollo client metrics](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/apolloconfig/apollo@master/doc/images/apollo-client-monitor-prometheus.png)

## 7.3 Exporting Metrics to Custom Monitoring Systems
> Applicable to version 2.4.0 and above

Users need to implement a MetricsExporter by extending `AbstractApolloClientMetricsExporter` and implement the following methods:
- doInit (Initialization method)
- isSupport (Method to check if the external-type configuration is supported)
- registerOrUpdateCounterSample (Method to register or update Counter metrics)
- registerOrUpdateGaugeSample (Method to register or update Gauge metrics)
- response (Method to export the required metric data)

Additionally, you need to configure the corresponding SPI files.

MetricsExporter Loading Flowchart:

> ![Exporter load by apollo client](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/apolloconfig/apollo@master/doc/images/apollo-client-monitor-exporter-load.jpg)

Reviewer: 参考 https://www.apolloconfig.com/#/zh/deployment/deployment-architecture 中的内容,
目前文档是支持mermaid的
可以直接贴mermaid文本到这里, 然后删除图片, 这样维护起来比较方便
